Added release notes for Media streaming agents (#24318)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/streaming-mobile-release-notes/streaming-android-agent-26-05-21.mdx

---
subject: Streaming Video & Ads for Mobile
title: Media agent for Android v4.2.0
releaseDate: '2026-05-21'
version: 4.2.0
metaDescription: Release notes for Media agent for Android version 4.2.0
category: Android
---

## New features

> - mediatailor: Add AWS MediaTailor SSAI tracker for DASH + HLS [(caf8f7c)](https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-android/commit/caf8f7c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the AWS MediaTailor server-side ad insertion (SSAI) tracker for DASH and HLS streams. [(caf8f7c)](https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-android/commit/caf8f7c)
```

## Bug fixes

> - sample: Remove trust-all SSL bypass in MediaTailor sample [(92ad555)](https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-android/commit/92ad555)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed trust-all SSL bypass in MediaTailor sample [(92ad555)](https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-android/commit/92ad555)
```
